---
layout: post
title:  "Data Collection for Binary Classification"
date:   2023-05-17 08:24:51 +0200
categories: jekyll update
published: false
---

# Introduction

Scale AI is a company that synthesizes labels for data required by Machine Learning models.
The labeling is done in-house by it's own workforce. The customers are often companies like 
OpenAI which require labeling for it's sophisticated tasks.

# Possibilities 

1. One possibility is an App that is designed to manufacture labels for data for companies, use the population as a good workforce
    and provide credits per 100s of images labeled

    Problems:

    1. Task shoud be such that, the cost is higher or infeasible with a synthetic label generation task

    2. All classification tasks are possible DeepFakes, sentiment analysis, etc

    3. Theory states (assuming less than third may be adverserial) atleast N/3 + 1 people should be given the image to get label.

    4. Such a system, only offers a better UI than what companies already have.

2. The other possibility is an App like Wordle or HotOrNot, that takes advantage of the UI

    Problems:

    1. The images that appear to the user should not be very evident that it is synthetic or natural
        eg:- A photo of Trump comically laughing will be guessed as synthetic very easily
             A low resolution photo of a crowded city will be guessed as natural very easily

    2. Hence, the natural images being shown to the user should be of high resolution. (How do you query a high resolution natural image?)

    3. We require the context of the artificial images shown be naturally possible. Hence, use the natural image as a query 
        to obtain it's close artifical image equivalent. Possibly be done through image embeddings or Scene graphs (Experiment required)

    4. The images can then be shown side by side or one at a time, asking to guess if it's natural or artifical

    5. Since we have labels that a particular image is artifical, we display to the user the correct option, or how much of the population 
        have chosen it.